gardener-apiserver: Add documentation for the admission plugins coming from Kubernetes (#12944)
gardener/gardener: docs/concepts/apiserver-admission-plugins.md

For `CredentialsBinding`s and `SecretBinding`s this means, that the `gardener` finalizer can only be removed if the binding is not referenced by any `Shoot`.
In case of `Shoot`s, the `gardener` finalizer can only be removed if the last operation of the `Shoot` indicates a successful deletion. 

> ## `MutatingAdmissionPolicy`

Reviewer: We could also document the `NamespaceLifecycle` admission plugin. See https://github.com/gardener/gardener/blob/8217f6761619b616d94472ced034f493b7035199/plugin/pkg/plugins.go#L77 and https://github.com/gardener/gardener/blob/8217f6761619b616d94472ced034f493b7035199/plugin/pkg/plugins.go#L123.

**Type**: Mutating. **Enabled by default**: No.

> [This admission controller is managed by Kubernetes.](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/mutating-admission-policy)

Reviewer: I wouldn't say that the admission plugin "is managed by Kubernetes". 

The admission plugin is defined as generic one in the generic API server (`k8s.io/apiserver`) module. Extension API servers use the `k8s.io/apiserver` module and reuse common parts from there. In particular, gardener-apiserver registers admission plugins which are defined as generic one in this `k8s.io/apiserver` module.

Suggestion:
```suggestion
This admission controller is defined in the generic API server library (`k8s.io/apiserver`). See the [Mutating Admission Policy page](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/mutating-admission-policy).
```

Mutating admission policies offer a declarative, in-process alternative to mutating admission webhooks.
They use the Common Expression Language (CEL) to declare mutations to resources. Mutations can be defined either with an apply configuration that is merged using the server side apply merge strategy, or a JSON patch.

> Mutating admission policies are highly configurable, enabling policy authors to define policies that can be parameterized and scoped to resources as needed by cluster administrators.

Reviewer: We could omit duplicating the upstream docs as we already link the upstream page. WDYT?

Author: I agree with the suggestion. The description notes were added in order to be consistent with the documented `ResourceQuota` admission plugin, also defined in the default API. But in that case, I would only leave the links forwarding to the official Kubernetes documentation.

Reviewer: `ResourceQuota` docs seem to be different from the upsteam ones. If we have something to document in addition to the upstream docs, let's do it. If not, let's do no duplicate the upstream docs. WDYT?

## `MutatingAdmissionWebhook`

**Type**: Mutating. **Enabled by default**: Yes.

> [This admission controller is managed by Kubernetes.](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/admission-controllers/#mutatingadmissionwebhook)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This admission controller is defined in the generic API server library (`k8s.io/apiserver`). See the [MutatingAdmissionWebhook section](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/admission-controllers/#mutatingadmissionwebhook).
```

This admission controller calls any mutating webhooks which match the request. Matching webhooks are called in serial; each one may modify the object if it desires.
If a webhook called by this has side effects (for example, decrementing quota) it must have a reconciliation system, as it is not guaranteed that subsequent webhooks or validating admission controllers will permit the request to finish.

> If you disable the MutatingAdmissionWebhook, you must also disable the `MutatingWebhookConfiguration` object in the `admissionregistration.k8s.io/v1` group/version via the `--runtime-config` flag, both are on by default.

Reviewer: We could omit duplicating the upstream docs as we already link the upstream page.

**Type**: Validating. **Enabled by default**: Yes.

> [This admission controller is managed by Kubernetes.](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/admission-controllers/#resourcequota)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This admission controller is defined in the generic API server library (`k8s.io/apiserver`). See the [ResourceQuota section](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/admission-controllers/#resourcequota).
```

This admission controller reacts on `CREATE` and `UPDATE` operations for `NamespacedCloudProfile`s.
It primarily validates if the referenced parent `CloudProfile` exists in the system. In addition, the admission controller ensures that the `NamespacedCloudProfile` only configures new machine types, and does not overwrite those from the parent `CloudProfile`.

## `ValidatingAdmissionPolicy`

**Type**: Validating. **Enabled by default**: No.

> [This admission controller is managed by Kubernetes.](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/admission-controllers/#validatingadmissionpolicy)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This admission controller is defined in the generic API server library (`k8s.io/apiserver`). See the [ValidatingAdmissionPolicy section](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/admission-controllers/#validatingadmissionpolicy).
```

This admission controller implements the CEL validation for incoming matched requests.
It is enabled when both feature gate `validatingadmissionpolicy` and `admissionregistration.k8s.io/v1alpha1` group/version are enabled.

> If any of the ValidatingAdmissionPolicy fails, the request fails.

Reviewer: We could omit duplicating the upstream docs as we already link the upstream page.

## `ValidatingAdmissionWebhook`

**Type**: Validating. **Enabled by default**: Yes.

> [This admission controller is managed by Kubernetes.](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/admission-controllers/#validatingadmissionwebhook)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This admission controller is defined in the generic API server library (`k8s.io/apiserver`). See the [ValidatingAdmissionWebhook section](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/admission-controllers/#validatingadmissionwebhook).
```

This admission controller calls any validating webhooks which match the request. Matching webhooks are called in parallel; if any of them rejects the request, the request fails. This admission controller only runs in the validation phase; the webhooks it calls may not mutate the object, as opposed to the webhooks called by the `MutatingAdmissionWebhook` admission controller.
If a webhook called by this has side effects (for example, decrementing quota) it must have a reconciliation system, as it is not guaranteed that subsequent webhooks or other validating admission controllers will permit the request to finish.

> If you disable the ValidatingAdmissionWebhook, you must also disable the `ValidatingWebhookConfiguration` object in the `admissionregistration.k8s.io/v1` group/version via the `--runtime-config` flag.

Reviewer: We could omit duplicating the upstream docs as we already link the upstream page.
